in the streets I bought first an ice
cream in South Union during that time
there was no ice cream in Mongolia and
when I add that ice cream I thought how
I can bring that ice cream to my mom to
my parents you know that that was very
delicious ice cream
maybe Tyria tornado hit number three my
community I'm sorry miss Marie
they kept under HIPAA taught me teach
also objecting interest or stop Samba
the morrow achieve my ergative also
Chamorro generality date we wonder of
what angle talks it but the obamas
regret what number tortured in that
question is did you lose me are tough
pass your turned out with the whole
reason you were little
they don't want watching it with they're
not watching that world today and
pattern on us but no mistake I'm not
able to consume each other so it came to
pass that I'm going to the doctor grant
partook who sneaked up nothing soon
it'll return to that agree my Manasa am
with the trans Nigam not like that
cheerful foul
whoops I was tagged torn well Tonto that
ingrate in who toward not that territory
towards us no solo dream in technical
talks in 1802 good question
it should be elated able to reverse the
move to the soft power emotion Hagen
basins iron grip some sort a hunter a
turtle in 2013 a magic the rattle truth
the resulting image or a sworn we each
need William nourish neutral great in
will still talk about chasing Europe
profit and set on banality much worse
because in siren green we do it one of
the reasons I repeat
but if to achieve over so very good
approach Masonic pepper